Cornelius a Lapide, S.J.

Preliminaries

Table of Contents

COMMENTARIES ON HOLY SCRIPTURE By Reverend Father Cornelius a Lapide, of the Society of Jesus, formerly professor of Holy Scripture at Louvain, afterwards at Rome, Carefully revised and illustrated with notes by Augustinus Crampon, Priest of the Diocese of Amiens. VOLUME ONE Containing the Literal and Moral Exposition upon the Pentateuch of Moses, Genesis and Exodus PARIS Published by Ludwig Vives, bookseller and publisher, 13, Street commonly called Delambre, 13. 1891

TO THE MOST REVEREND AND MOST ILLUSTRIOUS LORD
HENRY FRANCIS VAN DER BURCH,
ARCHBISHOP AND DUKE OF CAMBRAI,
PRINCE OF THE HOLY ROMAN EMPIRE, COUNT OF CAMBRAI.

It happened opportunely, by God's providential arrangement, Most Illustrious Lord, that at the very time you were being inaugurated as Archbishop and Prince of the Holy Roman Empire at Cambrai, this Moses of mine — destined for you from its very first conception and indebted to you on many counts — was brought into the light.

All know how close the union of our souls has been for many years, a bond which a sympathy of nature, shared affections, and similar studies first brought about, which familiarity increased, and which the grace of God confirmed and perfected in the nearly identical pattern of both our lives. For this reason, summoned by you from Mechlin to the Metropolitan Church over which you presided as Dean — as a confessor for the more solemn feasts of the year — I made free and generous use of your hospitality and table companionship for many years, until our Society established both a Novitiate and a College in that city.

But what Saint John the Baptist said of Christ — "He must increase, but I must decrease" — this I long foresaw concerning your Most Illustrious Lordship and myself, though I am no prophet; and we all see that it has come to pass, and we rejoice.

For indeed, to whom could this Moses of mine more fittingly belong than to your Most Illustrious Lordship, who presides over the people of God as both an ecclesiastical and a secular Duke, as both a Bishop and a Prince — just as Moses formed, ruled, and directed the Church of the Hebrews no less than their Commonwealth, and led them out of Egypt through trackless deserts and past countless enemies, unharmed and indeed victorious, to the promised land. For he established and governed the Church by the ceremonial precepts of the Decalogue received from God, the Commonwealth by the judicial precepts, and both by the moral precepts. In Moses therefore, just as in Melchizedek, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and the other ancient patriarchs, both supreme powers — that is, of the prince and of the priest — were held in conjunction, so that he administered civil affairs as a kind of prince, and sacred affairs as a kind of priest, pontiff, and hierarch; until he transferred the one office, namely the priesthood, to his brother Aaron, and consecrated him as High Priest. Moses was therefore a shepherd — first of sheep, then of men, whom he both rescued from Pharaoh with his pastoral staff, the instrument of so many miracles, and governed with the most holy laws of both the ecclesiastical and civil spheres; for a king and prince no less than a priest and pontiff must be a shepherd.

Homer calls a king the shepherd of the peoples, because he ought to feed them, as a shepherd feeds sheep, and not fleece them.

Be therefore, Most Illustrious Lord, our Moses of the Low Countries; look upon this Moses of ours, and, as you already do, more and more express him in your life and conduct — so you will lead the people of God not into the land of the Canaanites promised to the Jews, but into the land of the living and of those who triumph in heaven; indeed you will bring them all the way there, which Moses himself was not able to do.

Saint Basil was the Moses of his age, says his peer Blessed Gregory Nazianzen in his Oration in Praise of Saint Basil, and he learned to act like Moses from Moses himself. Saint Basil himself acknowledges this in letter 140 to Libanius the Sophist: "We indeed, he says, O distinguished man, converse with Moses and Elijah and such blessed men, who impart their teaching to us in a foreign tongue; and what we have heard from them we speak — true in meaning, though rough in words." How thoroughly Saint Basil wore out his Moses is shown by the Hexaemeron alone — those works which he so laboriously composed as a commentary on the Genesis of Moses that Saint Ambrose translated them, and gave to Latin ears not so much his own work as that of Saint Basil, in his treatise On the Work of the Six Days.
