I'll read through this text to identify the work and provide the requested information.

This appears to be "The Eulogies of Howard: A Vision" - a work about John Howard, the famous English prison reformer and philanthropist who died in 1791. The date M.DCC.XCI (1791) appears at the beginning, which was the year of Howard's death.

Based on my knowledge, this is a commemorative work written shortly after John Howard's death. John Howard (1726-1790, though news of his death reached England in 1791) was famous for his prison reform work and visiting diseased prisoners across Europe. He died of typhus while visiting a military hospital in Crimea.

This appears to be a literary memorial/eulogy in the form of a dialogue or vision, published in 1791, the year news of Howard's death reached England. Without seeing the full text, I cannot definitively identify the specific author, though it may be William Hayley or another contemporary who wrote tributes to Howard.

<result>
Title = "The Eulogies of Howard: A Vision"
Author = "Unknown (possibly William Hayley or anonymous contemporary)"
Year = 1791

Tags = ["non-fiction", "historical-document", "appropriate-for-children"]

Summary = """
A commemorative work written as a dialogue or vision upon the death of John Howard (1726-1790), the famous English philanthropist and prison reformer. The text explores how Howard should be memorialized, contrasting ostentatious public monuments with the humble character of the man himself. Howard was renowned for his tireless work inspecting prisons and hospitals across Europe, advocating for humane conditions for prisoners and the sick. He died of typhus in 1790 while visiting a military hospital in Crimea, with news reaching England in 1791. This work reflects the immediate public response to his death and debates about appropriate ways to honor his legacy.
"""

Notes = """
The year 1791 represents when this eulogy was published and when news of Howard's death reached England, though Howard himself died in January 1790. The date M.DCC.XCI (1791) appears in the original text. This work is part of the immediate literary response to Howard's death and represents the high esteem in which he was held by his contemporaries.
"""
</result>
