Looking at this text, I can identify it clearly as "The Story of Evolution" by Joseph McCabe, published in 1912 (as stated in the text itself).

Joseph McCabe (1867-1955) was a former Catholic priest who became a prominent rationalist, atheist, and prolific author. After leaving the Franciscan order in 1896, he became one of the most vocal critics of religion and a champion of scientific rationalism and evolution. Despite his Catholic background, his works after leaving the priesthood would definitely NOT receive a nihil obstat or imprimatur, as they were often critical of Catholic teaching.

This is a popular science work explaining evolutionary theory and the history of Earth to a general audience in the early 20th century.

<result>
Title = "The Story of Evolution"
Author = "Joseph McCabe"
Year = 1912

Tags = ["non-fiction", "science", "evolution"]

Summary = """
A popular science book presenting the story of evolution and the history of Earth to a general audience. Written in the early 20th century, it aims to explain in clear language how modern science has discovered and deciphered records in rocks and soil that reveal the past of our planet, from the formation of the heavens and earth through the development of life. McCabe presents evolution as a comprehensive framework for understanding how "suns and atoms, fishes and flowers, hills and elephants, even man and his institutions, came to be what they are." The work represents early 20th-century scientific popularization during a period when evolutionary theory was still controversial in many circles.
"""

Notes = """
Joseph McCabe was a former Catholic priest who left the Franciscan order in 1896 and became a prominent rationalist and atheist writer. Despite his Catholic background, his works after leaving the priesthood were critical of religion and would not be considered Catholic literature suitable for nihil obstat or imprimatur. The year 1912 is clearly stated in the text itself and represents the original publication date.
"""
</result>
