I'll analyze this text to identify the work and provide the structured information you requested.

Based on the title page, this is "Our Churches and Chapels" by "Atticus" (revealed to be A. Hewitson). This appears to be a work of local history and religious commentary about Preston, England. The author used the pseudonym "Atticus" and the work was originally serialized in the Preston Chronicle before being published as a book.

Let me research this work a bit more from what's available in the text. Anthony Hewitson (A. Hewitson) was a 19th-century journalist and local historian in Preston, Lancashire, England. This work is a survey of religious establishments in Preston with critical and historical commentary.

Given that this was "Reprinted from the Preston Chronicle" and Project Gutenberg lists it as public domain (pre-1923), and knowing Hewitson's active period, this would likely have been published in the 1860s-1870s. Based on historical records, "Our Churches and Chapels" was first published in book form around 1869.

<result>
```toml
Title = "Our Churches and Chapels: Their Parsons, Priests, & Congregations"
Author = "Atticus (Anthony Hewitson)"
Year = 1869

Tags = [
    "non-fiction",
    "historical-document",
    "not-appropriate-for-children"
]

Summary = """
'Our Churches and Chapels' is a Victorian-era work of local history and religious sociology by Anthony Hewitson (writing as 'Atticus'), a journalist for the Preston Chronicle. The book provides a critical and historical survey of every place of worship in Preston, Lancashire, England, including descriptions of the buildings, clergy, and congregations. Originally serialized in the Preston Chronicle newspaper, it offers a snapshot of religious life in an English industrial town during the Victorian period, with commentary on various denominations including Anglican, Catholic, and Nonconformist chapels. The work is notable for its journalistic style and sometimes satirical observations of local religious institutions and their leaders.
"""

Notes = """
The year 1869 represents the approximate first book publication, though the articles originally appeared serialized in the Preston Chronicle newspaper slightly earlier. This is a work of local history and religious commentary rather than theology, written from a journalistic perspective about a specific English town's religious landscape during the Victorian era.
"""
```
</result>
