I'll analyze this Project Gutenberg text to identify the work and provide the structured information you requested.

Based on the text, this is clearly "The Alhambra" by Washington Irving (who also used the pseudonym Geoffrey Crayon). This is a collection of essays, sketches, and tales about the Alhambra palace in Granada, Spain, which Irving wrote after spending time there in 1829. The work was first published in 1832.

However, what we have here is not the actual book "The Alhambra" itself, but rather a review or excerpt from "The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction" - a 19th-century British periodical magazine. This is Volume 19, Number 549, which appears to be a supplementary number discussing Irving's newly published "Alhambra."

Let me provide the structured output:

<result>
Title = "The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction, Vol. 19, No. 549 - Supplementary Number on The Alhambra"
Author = "Various (periodical editors/contributors)"
Year = 1832

Tags = ["non-fiction", "periodical", "literary-review", "appropriate-for-children"]

Summary = """
This is a supplementary issue of 'The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction,' a popular 19th-century British periodical that provided educational and entertaining content to a general readership. This particular issue focuses on Washington Irving's newly published work 'The Alhambra' (1832), featuring illustrations of the Alhambra palace in Granada, Spain, and excerpts or commentary on Irving's romantic tales and sketches of the historic Moorish palace. The Mirror was known for combining instruction with amusement, making literature and knowledge accessible to middle-class Victorian readers.
"""

Notes = """
The year 1832 is chosen because this supplementary number appears to be reviewing or featuring Washington Irving's 'The Alhambra,' which was first published in 1832. The periodical itself, 'The Mirror of Literature, Amusement, and Instruction,' was published from 1822-1849. This particular issue is not Irving's actual work, but rather a periodical publication about his work, with illustrations and extracted content.
"""
</result>
