I'll analyze this text from Project Gutenberg to identify the work and provide the requested information.

This is clearly a collection of letters by Horace Walpole (1717-1797), one of the most famous English letter-writers of the 18th century. Based on the volume number (II) and the date range (1764-1795), this appears to be from a multi-volume selected edition of his correspondence edited by Charles Duke Yonge, published in 1890.

For the year, I need to consider: Walpole wrote these letters during his lifetime (1764-1795 for this volume), but this is a posthumous selected edition published in 1890. Since the use case is a historical timeline and educational context, I believe the most historically significant date would be around the mid-point of the letters' composition or the publication of early complete editions of his correspondence. However, given this is a specific edition, 1890 is the publication year of this particular collection.

<result>
Title = "Letters of Horace Walpole, Volume II"
Author = "Horace Walpole"
Year = 1890

Tags = ["non-fiction", "historical-document", "appropriate-for-children"]

Summary = """
This is the second volume of a selected edition of correspondence by Horace Walpole (1717-1797), edited by Charles Duke Yonge. Walpole was an English art historian, man of letters, antiquarian, and Whig politician, famous for his voluminous correspondence which provides invaluable insights into 18th-century English society, politics, literature, and culture. His letters are considered masterpieces of the epistolary form, combining wit, gossip, political commentary, and keen observation. This volume covers the period 1764-1795 and includes letters to correspondents such as Sir Horace Mann, discussing topics ranging from French visitors to Strawberry Hill (Walpole's gothic villa) to literary matters and social observations.
"""

Notes = """
Year chosen is 1890, the publication date of this particular edited collection by Charles Duke Yonge. The letters themselves were written between 1764-1795. An alternative dating could use the period of composition or earlier posthumous editions, but since this is a specific edition with editorial apparatus, 1890 represents this particular work's publication.
"""
</result>
