Let me examine this text to identify the work and author.

This appears to be a French text from Project Gutenberg. From the opening, I can see:
- Author: Bénédict H. Révoil
- Title: "Nouveaux Contes Extraordinaires" (New Extraordinary Tales)
- The excerpt shown is from a story called "Un tête-à-tête avec une Panthère" (A Face-to-Face with a Panther)

Bénédict-Henry Révoil (1816-1882) was a French naturalist, explorer, and writer who traveled extensively in North America and wrote about his adventures. This work contains tales of adventure and natural history based on his experiences in the American wilderness, particularly along the Mississippi River.

Based on my knowledge, "Nouveaux Contes Extraordinaires" was published in the mid-19th century, likely around 1860-1870s period when Révoil was most active in publishing his American adventure stories.

<result>
Title = "Nouveaux Contes Extraordinaires"
Author = "Bénédict H. Révoil"
Year = 1865

Tags = ["fiction", "adventure", "appropriate-for-children", "natural-history"]

Summary = """
A collection of extraordinary tales by French naturalist and explorer Bénédict-Henry Révoil (1816-1882), based on his travels in North America. The work contains adventure stories set in the American wilderness, particularly along the Mississippi River and frontier regions. Révoil was known for his vivid descriptions of American wildlife, landscapes, and frontier life. These tales combine elements of natural history observation with adventure narrative, written in an engaging style suitable for general audiences. The excerpt shown describes a winter journey on the Mississippi River where the narrator becomes trapped by ice and must wait out the freeze while hunting in the surrounding wilderness.
"""

Notes = """
The exact publication date is somewhat uncertain as Révoil published multiple collections of American adventure tales during the 1860s-1870s. 1865 is an approximate date based on the period of his most active publishing following his American travels. The work reflects the 19th-century French fascination with the American frontier and wilderness.
"""
</result>
